docs: remove broken Web Storage pitfalls link (#44252)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/web_storage_api/using_the_web_storage_api/index.md

```

> [!NOTE]

> > It's recommended to use the Web Storage API (`setItem`, `getItem`, `removeItem`, `key`, `length`) to prevent the pitfalls associated with using plain objects as key-value stores.

Reviewer: Thanks for this. I think is is perhaps not enough to discourage people, and it would be good to highlight the pitfalls. How about

```suggestion
> You should always use the Web Storage API (`setItem()`, `getItem()`, `removeItem()`, `key`, `length`) instead of direct object property access (e.g., `localStorage.key = value or localStorage['key']`).
> This avoids the pitfalls of passing an object, such as colliding with native built-in methods (like `.clear()` or `.getItem()`), unexpected data leaks from prototype inheritance, and security vulnerabilities like prototype pollution when handling untrusted user input.
```

```

> [!NOTE]
> You should always use the Web Storage API (`setItem()`, `getItem()`, `removeItem()`, `key`, `length`) instead of direct object property access such as `localStorage.key = value` or `localStorage["key"] = value`.

> > This avoids colliding with built-in storage members like `clear()` or `getItem()`, avoids surprising results from inherited properties, and reduces prototype-pollution risk when working with untrusted keys.

Reviewer: Thanks. Why did you modify my text? It is fine to do so, in particular if it is incorrect, but I'd like to understand why since my version is easier to read and just a little more informative.

```suggestion
> This avoids the pitfalls of passing an object, such as colliding with native built-in methods (like `.clear()` or `.getItem()`), unexpected data leaks from prototype inheritance, and security vulnerabilities like prototype pollution when handling untrusted user input.
```
